Controller

	Lets say we have created "pruchase order" and "cancel order" scripts using VUGEN
	We have executed them separately using VUGEN to check if they are working fine
	Using controller all these scripts will be executed simultaneously
	Not only simultaneously, but with certain number of Vusers (Which will create the load on the AUT)
	
Controller is configured to
	Number of Vusers
	Number of scripts to be executed
	
What is a test scenario?
	when there are multiple groups of scripts with Vusers those are called test scenario
	eg:
	Script name		LG name		No of Vusers
	Purchase order	LG1			600
	Canel order		LG2 		400
	
	Here there are 2 test groups which makes them a test sceanario
	
Why simutaneously tested? Why not separately?
	In the real world all these functionalities are happening simultaneously thats why
	
Controller
	-> Execution of test scripts happens using the LR component called controller
	-> Although it is possible to execute the scripts using VUGEN, Load cannot be applied on the AUT. Execution using VUGEN is done only for debugging purpose.
	-> Actual load on the AUT can be applied using controller as test can be executed using multiple scripts with multiple Vusers
	-> Test designed with multiple scripts using multiple Vusers is called Test sceanario


Scenario Groups
		Each script added is a group with the number of Vusers

Load generator
		We can add the Load generator from Scenario menu
	
	
Scenario schedule
	
Basic Schedule
	It will have only one ramp up(Start Vusers), One steady state (duration) and one ramp down(Stop Vusers)
Real world schedule
	We can add ramp up, duration and ramp down based on our need
	
	
Service Level Agreement
		We can set the SLA, but its very rarely used. These are like the response time should be below this time like that
	
Rendezvous
	When a rendezvous point is added in script verify it in the controller on menu Sceanrio->Rendezvous
	We can even disable certain Vusers from rendezvous from the same menu. disabled Vusers wont take part in rendezvous
	
	
While script is running we can stop, start, add Vusers


How to do you monitor windows resources or How do you monitor servers using controller?
	Use windows resources graphs under systemResources groups
	Add the mesaurements which is to be measured
	
5% is the allowed failed transaction limit. It is considered as a pass test

what is throughput?
What is hits per second?
What is response time?


What is the extension of VUGEN file
	.usr is the extension
	.lstln - Loadrunner solution

What is the extension of Controller file
	.lrs - Test sceanario(loadrunner scenario file)
	.lrr - Test results (loadrunner results file)
	
Analyzer	
After analysis file is saved with extension .lra(Loadrunner analysis)
================
IP spoofing
	This is used to make the system look like load is coming from different IPs though its coming from a single IP source
	Its creating a impression that multiple IPs are working, so in this case the load balancer understands that the load is coming from different machines and routes to different servers
	Insted the IP spoofing is not done, the Load balancer knows the transaction coming from a single IP and sends to a single server instead of balancing the load
	
Is there a way to check Vuser log after execution from controller?
	We can check the log during execution in controller.
	In the results file there is a log folder, in that the log will be stored based on Vuser id
	
When should you use IP spoofer solution?
	when emulating server or router optimizations, based on client's IP
	
	
Why is it important to insert a runtime monitors on controller and Load generator machines during a run test?
	To ensure that your test architecture can generate the desired load without itself becoming a bottleneck
	
Controller will collect the results from LG's and combine them. This process is called?
	collating the results

You are running a 3 tier web application. Wiht which component must the load generator communicate?
	Web server
	
Script is executed in which of the following component of load runner
	Load generator/host