Analysis

Analysis summary

Hits/second is directly proportional to throughput
Response time is inversly related to throughput

The SLA is compared with the 90percentile and is given to client

90 percentile response time
	When we execute a performance test, same transaction will be executed multiple times
	Since, the same transaction is executed multiple times, multiple response times are catpured
	Client will be provided with Max, Min, Avg, 90% response times
	Loadrunner automatically calculates the 90% response times
	
	90 percentile is calculated by sorting the response time in ascending order and taking the value
	
	90 percentile is not equal to 95 percentile
	
	eg:
	Response times of 10 iteration in ascending order
	
	0.5  0.9  1  1.1  1.2  1.8  2.5  3.2   5    8
									 80%   90%	
	
		If 10 people are doing launch transactions, 9 people will have RT of 5 sec or less 
		
		
Hits/second 
No of requests hitting the server
Hits/second is directly proportional to throughput

Throughput
No of requests hitting the server and receiving response is throughput
Response time is inversly related to throughput


What is need to compare hits/second and throughput?
	If the graphs are not in sync, that there are some bottlenecks in the server.
	To make sure hits/second is in sync with throughput
	
What is the client side monitoring you have done?
	What all we are viewing in analysis screen is client side only. hits/second,transactionsummary,Running Vusers throughput,etc
	
Threads Vs Process(Important)
	Things that are important on a server and needs to be monitored
		- RAM(primary memory)
		- Hard disk (Secondary memory)
		- Processor
	Thread - it takes a part and executes.. Thread is a small part of process
	Multi threading - Taking the code into smaller bits and executing in parallel
	The whole program plus the threads which are executing the program is called process. Process is one part of CPU resources
	One process can have any number of threads
	
What is an agent in LR?
	It is the load generator. other name for LG is agent

Important interview questions?
Run Vuser as thread Vs Run Vuser as process
	Run Vuser as Thread
		- when you run Vuser a a thread, LR will launch 1 thread per vuser.
			eg: if you run 50 Vuser,LR will launch only 1 process(mmdrv.exe) with 50 threads within that single process(if the limits is set to 50, it can be less or more based on what you customize it from the default value which is 50)
		- Running Vuser as thread will be more effective on keeping the OS resource consumption on the injector's boxes to considerably low as this setting does not have very heavy footprints
		- As multiple threads running within a single process share the available resource among themselves, it's recommended to use this setting when huge number of vusers are required to run on injector boxes
	
	Run Vuser as process
		- When you run Vuser as process, LR will lauch 1 process (mmdrv.exe) per vuser.
			eg: if you will run 50 vusers, LR will launch 50 mdrv.exe process
		- Running vuser as process will be very heavy on OS resources consumption on the injector boxes
		- As each vuser has its own process and privately allocated resources, its  not recommended to use this setting when huge number of vusers are required to run on the injector boxes
		

Important interview questions	
Benchmark results Vs baseline results
		When baselines and benchmarks are used, they are generally the first and last tests you will execute, respectively
		
		Baseline results
			- Creating a baseline is the process of runing a set of tests to capture performance metric data for the purpose of evaluating the effectiveness of subsequent perfomance-improving changes to the system or application.
			- with respect to web applications, you can use a baseline to determine whether performance is improving or declining and to find deviations across builds and versions.
			
		Benchmarking is the process of comparing your system perfomance against an industry standard that is endorsed by some other organization
		
Load test is the intital test. Only if load test passes other tests are done


Need for profiling tools
	Improve knowledge on profiling tools, that will help to be good performance tester.will help to create good profile
	
	Popular profiling tools available in the market is dynatrace and Appdynamics
	
Instrumentation Vs installation

	
If overall transaction respone time is 10 sec, can er know which tier is having the issues?
	yes, using profiling tools

Which option in the analysis tool allows you to focus on a specific measurement within your graph
	Drill down

What is the first indication of a perfomance problem?
	The end user experiences higher than expected response time
	